Do not allow SWAP TABLE on LR published tables (#18098)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.11.rst

=====

> - Fixed an issue that allowed columns of tables create by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that wrongly allowed columns of tables created by
```

  :ref:`logical replication <administration-logical-replication>` subscriptions
  to be renamed, dropped or added.

> - Fixed an issue that allow tables create by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that wrongly allowed tables, created by
```
